Update README.md (#20)
coletiv/puppeteer-pdf: README.md

# PuppeteerPdf

This is a wrapper to NodeJS module [puppeteer-pdf](https://www.npmjs.com/package/puppeteer-pdf). After some attempts to use wkhtmltopdf using [pdf_generator](https://github.com/gutschilla/elixir-pdf-generator), I've decided to use other software to generate PDF and create a wrapper for it.

## Puppeteer PDF vs wkhtmltopdf

> I've written a [small blog post](https://medium.com/coletiv-stories/puppeteer-vs-wkhtmltopdf-and-why-i-created-a-new-module-9466eb1db7d1) where I explain my reasons to create this extension. Here is the list of pros and cons compared with `pdf_generator` module.

Reviewer: we should link to the coletiv blog: https://coletiv.com/blog/elixir-pdf-generation-puppeteer-wkhtmltopdf/

> I've written a [small blog post](https://medium.com/coletiv-stories/puppeteer-vs-wkhtmltopdf-and-why-i-created-a-new-module-9466eb1db7d1) where I explain my reasons to create this extension. Here is the list of pros and cons compared with `pdf_generator` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I've written a [small blog post](https://coletiv.com/blog/elixir-pdf-generation-puppeteer-wkhtmltopdf/) where I explain my reasons to create this extension. Here is the list of pros and cons compared with `pdf_generator` module.
```
